Update usage instructions of prep_for_subm.sh (#319)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/quickstart/vsphere_aws/_index.md

configuration on the corporate router may not allow the default IPsec traffic.
We can overcome this limitation by using non-standard ports like 4501/UDP and 501/UDP.

> Additionally, the default OpenShift deployment do not allow assigning an elastic public IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the default OpenShift deployment does not allow assigning an elastic public IP
```

Additionally, the default OpenShift deployments do not allow assigning an elastic public IP
to existing worker nodes, something that's necessary at least on one end of the IPsec connections.

To handle these requirements on AWS, we provide a script 
[prep_for_subm.sh](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner/blob/master/tools/openshift/ocp-ipi-aws/prep_for_subm.sh), 
that will prepare your AWS OpenShift deployment for Submariner, and will create an additional gateway node with an external IP:

```bash

curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/submariner-io/submariner/master/tools/openshift/ocp-ipi-aws/prep_for_subm.sh -L -O
chmod a+x ./prep_for_subm.sh

> ./prep_for_subm.sh <ocp-install-path>      # respond yes when terraform asks to approve, or add after path: -auto-approve

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
./prep_for_subm.sh cluster-b      # respond yes when terraform asks to approve, or add after path: -auto-approve
```

As this is a Quickstart guide and people might just want to copy/paste the commands for execution. In the examples above we use *cluster-b*, so lets use the same even for this command.

```

> **_INFO_** Please note that  **oc**, **aws-cli**, **terraform**, and **wget** need to be installed before running the `prep_for_subm.sh` script.

> It also supports specifying custom IPsec ports, and instance type for the gateway, by setting enviroment variables in advance. For example:

Reviewer 2: You can remove this as this is a Quickstart guide and the issue is now fixed.

Author: Why shouldn't we mention that custom ports are also optional ?

Reviewer 2: For this particular quickStart guide, we have to use custom ports and not the default ports. So, my suggestion is to remove the details associated with what prep_for_subm.sh will be supporting and just give instructions on how to configure AWS with custom ports.

> Additionally, the default OpenShift deployments do not allow assigning an elastic public IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the default OpenShift deployment does not allow assigning an elastic public IP
```
